I know what well how about when we were
first going out and I'm very
self-conscious because I'm very hairy
and don't I shave my arm so I actually
I'm not well yeah no but I'm very I've
very thick black hair all over right and
I was always self-conscious of that
thank you and I remember that you said
that you liked it because you felt that
it meant that I had more you said that
it meant that I had more testosterone
and that's why I like sex
[Laughter]
and you know what you would love what
men buy that I would love men now I'm
thinking of this I'm sorry ooh I'm
thinking of the surprise and I just had
so much fun actually just thinking about
our good times that now I'm bummed out
about the surprise
what what do you mean you bummed out
about the surprise did it break this is
something okay no so there's this big
surprise he doesn't know what it is and
I haven't spilled it in a long time
because I actually it was something that
I made in October huh obviously before
the strike this is my first something
you made strike thing and
[Music]
do I like that that we were at a certain
place and there were things that I
hadn't told you and I thought you know
what I'm just gonna tell him for his
birthday show well the birthday show
never came oh and so this seemed like
the next appropriate place
although it's totally not an appropriate
place but you know I guess there's
nothing more to say but to uh I don't
know who to talk to
I don't know the director I'm only know
the higher Joe the line people that's
not in this room though well I'm just
talking to I don't know how it works
well who do you know roll the clip Oh oh
it's a clip
[Music]
hey Jimmy it's me I'm in a hotel I don't
know I've been on the road so long I I
don't even know what city I'm in anymore
to be honest anyway I've been thinking
about you a lot and I've been needing to
tell you something
I don't know why I haven't but it's
important I mean we've been together for
so long over five years and I still
haven't told you that's just not right
so here it goes
[Music]
[Applause]
man hey Kimmel how do you like them
apples get it he's like because I'm like
talking about her breasts yeah
hey Jim don't take it back
remember all the good times we had like
the time we went fishing and we caught a
bunch of fish then you puked in the
bucket of fish
[Music]
[Applause]
it's true The Insider has confirmed that
she is in fact Matt Damon playing
Scrabble with you online
move back and forth like an idiot to do
your show and Regis and Kelly show she
was definitely
[Music]
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
so that's it I think I was clear damn
good um anyway you know we had a great
run Jim and I hope there's no hard
feelings I hope we're gonna be friends
I'm friends with all my boyfriend's my
old boyfriend so if anything isn't clear
you need closure of some kind please
please call my publicist Amy's be at be
an excuse me yeah so take care you know
what stop right there Jimmy we're out of
time sorry let's put that guitar down
and go I'm at baby
oh yeah
Oh congratulations yeah he was People's
Sexiest you know what we're gonna take a
break right now and we'll be right back
with Sarah Silverman
[Applause]
[Music]